LambdaTest

LambdaTest is a free browser compatibility testing tool in the cloud. It is one of the best tools to ensure the streamlined functioning of your web applications on almost any desktop and mobile browser available today. This tool lets you test your applications on real browsers running on real operating systems and machines. It has a feature called "Screenshot" that provides auto-generated, full-page screenshots of your web pages. Users have the option to choose from a range of over 2,000 desktop and mobile browsers and collaborate with your team through their inbuilt issue tracking tool. Apart from that, users can test their locally hosted or privately hosted pages on the LambdaTest cloud platform.
Experitest

Say goodbye to your local devices and VMs and say hello to an easy way of performing browser compatibility testing with Experitest. You can easily test your website and web applications across over 1,000 desktop and mobile browsers in the cloud using automated or manual browser compatibility testing tools from Experitest. Apart from that, you can interact with your web application in real time and even debug it using the platform. Detecting and fixing responsive design issues before production is also possible. No longer do you need to work with high-maintenance Selenium Grid. Execute hundreds of tests in parallel and save a lot of crucial time with Experitest.
Functionize 

Easily test your web pages against all major web browsers using Functionize. This tool eliminates the need to use third-party providers for your cross-browser automation. This tool is quite popular for reducing visual-based test failures regardless of the complexity or density of the page. Along with browser compatibility testing, Functionize also provides visual testing, performance testing, and mobile testing. Run by a passionate team of developers focused on building the smartest testing solution in the world, it has been garnering rave reviews from users all over the world. It has an easy-to-use and understand interface and can be worked with seamlessly.
BrowserStack

BrowserStack is one of the most reliable mobile application and browser testing platforms. It provides you an instant access to 1,200+ real mobile devices and browsers. It is one of the world’s leading browser compatibility testing tools. It gives you an opportunity to test your website on different iOS and Android devices across browsers. The results are accurate and authentic. Its robust cloud infrastructure is definitely worth a try! They even allow you to test internal websites seamlessly, without setup or configuration. This tool saves a lot of your crucial time and offers an impressive user interface. It feels like nothing less than a locally installed browser.
CrossBrowserTesting 

The CrossBrowserTesting tool allows Selenium, manual, and visual tests across 1,500+ real desktop and mobile browsers. There is no need to deal with the hassle of a device lab or VMs with authentic and better testing results as compared to emulators. You may even test local or staged applications. With their secure local tunnel, feel free to deploy to the web by testing websites in staging or even on your local machine.
Sauce Labs

Enjoy live and continuous testing on approximately 800 operating system and browser combinations instantly made available on the cloud by Sauce Labs. You can even automate your tests with Selenium in their cloud to increase coverage, improve quality and shorten test times to speed releases with no need to struggle with the maintenance of Selenium Grid! The platform allows you to run parallel tests across many different browsers and operating system combinations to speed up your testing cycles.
Browsershots 

Easily check browser compatibility and perform cross-platform browser tests with Browsershots, a free and open-source tool. It comes with a highly simplified user interface and is easy to use. It is one of the most convenient methods to test a website for browser compatibility with different browsers in one place. This tool supports a variety of browsers, like Arora, Chrome, Dillo, Epiphany, Firefox, Iceweasel, Konqueror, Links, Laukit, Opera, SeaMonkey, and Safari.
BrowseEmAll

BrowseEmAll is an amazing browser compatibility testing tool that supports almost all major browsers. It allows your development and testing teams to locate and fix a lot of major and minor browser-specific problems straightaway on their machine. This tool allows you to run the browsers your prospects and customers use or are expected to use for quick and streamlined testing. You may even perform visual testing and live regression without any irritating network delays. Apart from that, you can very quickly record and play automated tests against a lot of desktop and mobile browsers. Want to point your existing Selenium test suite against the integrated Selenium Grid? BrowseEmAll can help you!
TestingBot

Get instant access to any browser with cloud-based Selenium Grid brought to you exclusively by TestingBot. The platform provides you with 1,500+ browser versions, available for instant use for live and automated testing. It lets you easily control any browser from your own browser. Perform tests on Chrome, Firefox, IE, Edge, Safari, and many more leading browsers using TestingBot. Avail this amazing opportunity and spin up any browser within a matter of seconds to verify how your application or web page performs on different platforms. Apart from that, you can test responsive layouts and compare screenshots from various browsers and platforms.
Browserling 

Get live, interactive, and easy browser compatibility testing using Browserling! While a lot of platforms allow you to have screenshots, this platform allows you to interact with the browsers live, making you feel like they are installed on your own browser. Instead of using emulators or fake browsers, this tool runs real desktop browsers on their servers in virtual machines. As soon as a new browser is launched, these guys install it! Cool, isn’t it? Apart from that, you can capture, save, and share screenshots of your web pages in all browsers. Catering to your responsive testing needs, the tool even allows you to change screen resolution and resize browsers.
MultiBrowser

MultiBrowser is a responsive, mobile, and automated browser compatibility testing tool designed to solve a lot of your cross-browser testing issues. This tool allows easy and seamless testing using mobile browser emulators. It has real sandboxed browsers, lets you capture responsive design screenshots, and comes with a built-in screen or mobile recorder. You can also use the tool offline in your home desktop environment. Apart from that, it allows you to record and playback interface/functionality tests across a lot of browsers without writing even a single line of code!
Browser Sandbox

Easily run Internet Explorer, Firefox, and other browser compatibility tests using Browser Sandbox! The platform is a free, cloud-based service. It runs all the popular browsers directly from the web, eliminating the need to install them on your personal computer. Thus, it saves a lot of your time and energy and simplifies your job as the member of a testing team. The interface is designed in such a way that anyone can use it easily. The highly creative designing skills of the designers are evident!

These are some of the most popular browser compatibility testing tools. Browser compatibility testing can be challenging. From switching between browsers and comparing all the results, it involves a lot! It is recommended that you make use of these awesome online tools to ease your job and get quick results.
